c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.Test.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.Test.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\obj\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.Test.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\obj\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.Test.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\obj\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.Test.dll.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\EnmascaradaWeb.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Enmascarada\EnmascaradaWeb.Test\bin\Debug\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
